1. Everything in JS happens inside an Execution Context.
Divided into 2 components- 1. Memory Component(Variable Environment) 
                            Key as a Value
                           2. Code Component(Thread of Execution)
                            Works line by line

2. Javascript is synchronous single-threaded language. 
means - js can execute only one code of line at a time & in a specific order.

3. What happens when you run a Javascript code?
Ans - An execution context is created.
    1. A global execution context(GEC) is created with two components.
    i.e, Memory(This phase is also known as memory creation phase) & 
    Code(Code execution phase)
    2. It allocates memory to all the variables(function, object or datatype), 
    which is undefined or stores whole code if object or function in the beginning.
    3. value is allocated to each variable.
    4. function invocation if there is a function(means function is executed) 
    whole this runs again as it is a mini program(new GEC created for it)
    5. ones completed execution (GEC gets deleted or goes of)

everything that is done till now is managed through a stack i.e, call stack


4. Call stack maintains the order of execution of execution contexts.
Call stack also known as - 1. Execution Context Stack
                           2. Program stack
                           3. Control stack
                           4. Runtime stack
                           5. Machine stack

5. Hoisting -> Hoisting is phenomina in Javascrpt by which we can access variables 
and functions, even before we initialize it or we have put some value in it.
We can access the variables without any error.
Eg : In case of single variable the output will be undefined. &
    In case of proper function declaration it will show us the result. &
    in case of only function name without the paranthesis
    it will show us the whole function code.
    In case the function is an arrow function it will give us
    an error "_____ is not a function. As arrow function behavaes
    just like a variable. & undefined is the result if we pass only 
    the name just like another variable.

6. 


